java-17 and above now works, update readme (#5287)
MovingBlocks/Terasology: README.md

### Alternative Installation Methods

> If you already have a Java Development Kit (JDK) installed, you may use a direct download release as an alternative to using the [launcher](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/TerasologyLauncher/releases). Java version 17 or higher is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a Java Development Kit (JDK) installed, you may use a direct download release as an alternative to using the [launcher](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/TerasologyLauncher/releases). Java version 17 is recommended (although later versions may work).
```

I am unable to be certain that all future versions of Java will always work. Since it is true that the game does not appear to be unusable on later versions anymore, I think we could remove the explicit requirement for exactly Java 17 for running the game. I would still prefer a strong recommendation though, since we need a common baseline to test with. If an unusual problem occurs the first thing we are likely to ask is to test with Java 17.

@jdrueckert, @skaldarnar, @Cervator Any thoughts?

Author: to run, it really works, reliable, up to java-23, personally, i do not even have java-17 installed any more since 2 years. we even have tests :) if java-24 does not work, i guess we can correct the readme or fix. if something strange happens it is no issue to ask to try with java-17. what you think?

Reviewer 2: I'm with @BenjaminAmos here, future Java versions beyond 23 may not work and we don't have the resources to attain certainty that it still works every time a new java version hits.
We can however welcome users to try with newer versions at their own discretion and mention up to which version we tested things at least to a degree:
```suggestion
If you already have a Java Development Kit (JDK) installed, you may use a direct download release as an alternative to using the [launcher](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/TerasologyLauncher/releases). Java version 17 is the minimum requirement and the currently recommended Java version.
> :warning: _Higher versions up to Java 23 should work, but we cannot guarantee it. Before reporting any issues with Java 18 and higher, please make sure to try with Java 17 first._
```

### Workspace Setup

To be able to run **Terasology** from source, you'll need to setup your workspace. For a quick setup execute the following:
```
./groovyw module init iota
./gradlew game

```

> For more info, follow the [Contributor Quick Start Guide](https://terasology.org/Terasology/#/Contributor-Quick-Start).

Reviewer 2: Please revert this as it duplicates instructions from the contributor quick start which makes things harder to maintain without adding much benefit.

Accordingly, if you want to contribute to modules, you'll need to navigate into the respective subdirectory and work with Git from in there.
Any Git commands executed in your workspace root will target [MovingBlocks/Terasology](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology).

For a quick setup execute the following:
```
./groovyw module init iota
./gradlew game

```

> 

Reviewer: Typically `./gradlew jar game` has been found to work more reliably on first run, for some reason. Also, on Windows the `./` prefix does not always work (it works in PowerShell but not in Command Prompt).

I would probably place this short summary just before `Workspace Setup` section (we still want people to fully set-up their workspace eventually).

Author: moved it up a little. for the command, this is developers - so i really expect them to know the dot or not dot. only in cmd it does not work. it works in powershell, git bash, linux, mac.

Author: i wanted to make the readme shorter, not longer. maybe remove the contributor quickstart guide. because i am always searching for this 2 commands to setup the workspace i wanted to have them in the readme, it is hidden too well, as well it is hidden too well that it works with new java.

Accordingly, if you want to contribute to modules, you'll need to navigate into the respective subdirectory and work with Git from in there.
Any Git commands executed in your workspace root will target [MovingBlocks/Terasology](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology).

> See as well our wiki entry on [Understanding Terasology's Git Setup](https://terasology.org/Terasology/#/Developing-Modules?id=understanding-terasology39s-git-setup).

Reviewer 2: Not sure what's wrong with the original here?
@BenjaminAmos as a native speaker, can you comment on what's "good English" to use here?
